app-editors/emacs -motif
app-editors/emacs -Xaw3d athena
app-editors/emacs -gtk -gtk3
app-editors/emacs xft
app-editors/emacs -alsa -sound
app-editors/emacs -gif jpeg png -svg -tiff xpm
app-editors/emacs X
app-editors/emacs gsettings
app-editors/emacs dynamic-loading
app-editors/emacs libxml2

app-emacs/company-mode ropemacs
app-emacs/emacs-common-gentoo X
app-emacs/org-mode contrib

app-admin/eselect emacs
app-admin/pass emacs
app-crypt/pinentry emacs
app-emacs/ghc-mod emacs
app-emacs/hindent emacs
app-i18n/mozc -emacs
dev-haskell/hlint emacs
dev-libs/protobuf -emacs
dev-python/cython -emacs
dev-scheme/chicken -emacs
dev-util/cmake emacs
dev-util/desktop-file-utils -emacs
dev-util/ninja -emacs
dev-vcs/git emacs
sci-mathematics/gap -emacs
sys-devel/autoconf emacs
sys-devel/gettext -emacs
x11-wm/ratpoison emacs
x11-wm/stumpwm emacs
